# susFashion
> a quick and easy way to find sustainable alternatives for your next clothing purchase

## Why susFashion?
Clothes are a neccessity of human life that we use for nearly all our waking hours, and have been for the millenia that our civilization spans. As such, the textile and fashion industries are some of the biggest out there today, and it is no surprise that there is not a scant number of such companies that have managed to make a name for themselves on the global stage. 

However, expansion always comes at a cost, and in the pursuit of still greater profit, the demands of some of these brands in terms of natural resources, has rocketed to levels that past generations would find utterly incomprehensible. Worryingly, they have also surpassed levels that our environment can realistically handle: the pace of plundering far outstripping the rate of the Earth's recovery. From fast fashion, that is, low quality goods that serve simply to satisfy consumers with the latest trends that are then quick to wear and tear, leading to much greater levels of material consumption, to the usage of resource heavy/unsustainable textiles like conventional cotton, polyester, and other crude oil based fabrics, the clothing industry is culpable for a significant chunk of the world's ecological footprint.

Thankfully, it isn't impossible to change this. As the rate at which information spreads quickens, more and more people are becoming aware of the ethical implications that lay intertwined with their actions and lives. Clothing is no exception, and there now exist many storefronts and avenues that aim to provide sustainable yet fashionable clothing solutions, whether that be by sourcing reusable and low-impact materials, to selectively choosing pieces that have only been produced through certain methods. Recognizing this, we intended to create susFashion as a simple and efficient way for someone who wants to do their part in supporting the environment to do so while simultaneously catering to their personal taste, by providing verified eco-friendly alternatives (through the usage of those aforementioned online storefronts) to any piece of clothing that they like, by showing an image of it to susFashion.
